Britain's industry and services sector stands to lose billions in trade if the country leaves the EU.
Britain's Information Commissioner watchdog, which can impose fines of up to 500,000 pounds ($765,600), has said it is looking into the incident but security experts said the prevalence of cyber crime showed more needed to be done.
"Britain's place is in the European Union, in its own interest and in the EU's interest," Moscovici said on Europe 1. Cameron will do what he thinks he needs to do with regard to a possible referendum on Britain's EU membership, Moscovici said.
Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron, center, greets Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissov as arrives for an EU summit in Brussels on Thursday, Dec. 17, 2015.
Britain was also made to pay for a disqualification, with world indoor champion Richard Kilty ruled to have made a false start in the 60 meters after twitching his arm while he waited for the gun.
Britain won the last of its nine Davis Cup titles in 1936, and hasn't reached the semifinals since 1981.
British actress Kate Winslet was here in 2007 for the film "The Reader," the story of a teenager who has an affair with an older woman, and learns years later that she worked as a guard in a concentration camp.
British Airways planes on the ground at Heathrow Airport Terminal 5, as dozens of flights have been cancelled at the airport due to thick fog.
British Ambassador Matthew Rycroft welcomed the approval, and said "any action will be proportional in keeping with the limits authorized by this resolution and used solely against the smugglers and empty boats."
British authorities say there is evidence to prove Dmitry Kovtun, along with fellow Russian Andrei Lugovoy, poisoned Kremlin critic Litvinenko with green tea laced with polonium-210 at the Millennium Hotel in central London.
British bank Standard Chartered and the Commonwealth Bank of Australia have withdrawn as financial advisers, while major European and US banks have refused to fund the project due to environmental concerns.
British Columbia also is suffering forest fires across the province, and Oregon has some major fires.
British Columbia was the first province to open its adoption records, followed by Alberta, Ontario, Newfoundland and Labrador and Yukon.
British Defence Secretary Michael Fallon, speaking alongside Le Drian after they held talks, said he was "equally concerned" by the Russian buildup in Syria "which will only complicate what's already a very complicated and difficult situation".
British folk rockers Mumford & Sons, electronic superstar Deadmau5, rapper Kendrick Lamar and British indie rockers Florence + the Machine help round out the headline acts.
British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond attended a ceremony at the opulent 19th century building in the Iranian capital where attackers in 2011 burned Britain's national flag, slashed portraits of British monarchs and stole goods.
British missionaries wanted to convert Africa's indigenous "heathens" to Christianity; to clone little English people on the continent through the medium of English.
British music is incredibly successful at home and abroad because there is an ecosystem that promotes the development of talent.
British officials place some hope in German calls for change to treaties to help the euro zone withstand more shocks like the Greek crisis.
British officials said Cameron was pushing G-7 leaders to reach a deal by year's end.
British Open champions finishing in the top 10 and ties in the last five British Opens: Tom Watson.
British photographer Don McCullin is renowned for his work in war and conflict.
British police soon identified the two Russians —Dmitry Kovtun and ex-KGB agent Alexander Lugovoi — as prime suspects.
British Prime Minister Cameron has his own agenda for the European Union Tusk has learned at least one thing very well in his first year as president of the European Council: the English language.
British Prime Minister David Cameron said he was looking to President Vladimir Putin for real change to turn it into something more.
British shale company nabs more acreage 23 hours ago LONDON, Aug. 19 (UPI) -- British shale natural gas pioneer Cuadrilla Resources said it was awarded two new licenses to explore the reserve potential in Yorkshire.
British singer Ed Sheeran's 'X' was the most streamed album on Spotify last year.
British tourists wait in the departure hall to be evacuated from Sharm el-Sheikh airport, south Sina … Gedi Schrijver repeated a KLM statement that it was a precautionary measure based on "national and international information."
British Transport Secretary Patrick McLoughlin said the British experts would “ensure the right security measures are in place for flights.”
British values of tolerance and pluralism must be upheld, so that minority groups like Jews feel comfortable and protected."
