For instance, the HP Pavilion notebooks can be outfitted with Intel or AMD chips, seven colors including silver, purple, red and "peachy pink", and multiple storage and memory options.
For instance, the reason why my Haitian friends and I love Pepsi so much is because we had a huge respect and admiration for Michael Jackson.
“For instance, the state could simply fail to fund the pension systems and them claim an emergency, correct?”
For instance, they are now working on boosting personnel in cultural institutions: Openings for 500 new positions for archeologists and librarians are advertized for 2016.
For instance, to him the Bryant Park Hotel, a black brick Art Deco tower with gold trim that glows “like the embers of a coal fire,” will always be the headquarters of the American Radiator Company.
For iPhone, iPad privacy, here's how to turn on encryption in less than a minute Read More Following the announcement of iOS 9, Apple said it has nixed the default four-digit device passcode in favor of a stronger six-digit passcode.
"For its first year we have pulled together our years of knowledge and technical know-how to create an event like no other.
For its money, AVG is getting a company with more than two million customers, an annual turnover of £11m, and yearly profits that exceed £2m.
For its part, Human Rights Watch accused Egyptian police of using "excessive force" against protesters on Sunday.
For its part, the Bank of Canada has now cut interest rates twice in the last six months.
For its part, the FAA has created a temporary plan that entails adapting procedures to handle regional traffic, especially when the weather deteriorates.
For its part, the three-year-old UDMF hopes to counter a rising tide of Islamophobia and give France's 5-million strong Muslims a greater political voice.
"For it to be going through into the start of the season, I find just ridiculous.
For Jones, Tickle's refusal to worry or wring her hands over the so-called decline of American Christianity is a chief part of the legacy she leaves behind.
For just $5/month for service I plan to continue using the Gear S2 and look forward to iOS compatability and further application development.
For Karimi, he said his case made no sense as Tehran University had supported his work on filming and producing Writing on the City.
“For kids, hands on is better, because money is already an abstract concept for them,” she adds.
